I only saved a girl and now the holy cross is good for you.
politics
he even
this here
Now yes
these yes
in the decision
How do I like wine at night?
this type of death by possession of ball as happened in Brazil
because in Brazil the state
to make any kind of
Classes are the good things in life.
Brazil team, the team
it's really
because the new campaign we were
the motive of that moment that music and art
see only
This is the
since the inauguration
the journey is the largest strongest in the town hall
speaking to usf1 said why I go to the street is not good for now
- any goals here at most paid only shot maradona gave the woman used the
roof italian painting
7 if we are going to focus on the worst defeat by the provocative behavior
the problem of the player in the field
even because he will not attend the ball
he will recover
mix
in the face of high heels
where to see which selections have
players err
Brazil and Portugal
I think the team had to take big chances of an assault on the italy street
santana is in this toada in spain and holland and singing harvested caprice
the doctor
doctors make rebels
the break is only complete
So let's see
júlio césar josé fleet
Edelson is the guy behind there holding the wave grabbing the ball I think
that postponement
state tv
is an exemplary player
when what the spirit of rio de janeiro represents peace I can not move
here
He is a good boy.
I think Cuca fell
is an exemplary port player
apparently he only has sex for breeding
I have enough faith because it's going to help Brazil.
I was here
is a player who will have trouble in the pubis this does not mean that it is
because he
pubic hair
very complicated to be defined in the cup's memorandum the sugar
I was in this one recently in Paraguay
and bought a shirt
paraguay for são paulo if the shirt is to buy a truck in the
Paraguayan then will have more Paraguayan came from Paraguay to buy the
Paraguay
The body is now starting for Brazil, at least on the 15th
Brazil and Korea
If Brazil does not win from Korea
It's better to give up on the next
In the next games
the coast of ivory
For me it was only importer of dow jones evident that he is
on the other the portugal-malta for the whole audience
first game will give 2 to 1 brazil in korea
after Brazil won 1 to 0 with bumba bureaucracy is too good
and to end brazil made portugal turn
by 3 to 1
if Brazil wants
We'll honor bull later.
I go maceió with my own hand
not in the selection
then silas and jorginho in pacaembu
the cruise does not make little heart with the hand
I do not like friends, I hate shopping.
If you do not like me, I'll make your thousand vibrato.